sup these guys this is ninja for the
terpenes from Oakland California and I
almost showed you my whole turf combo
and I showed you waving tutting and
isolation and I'm here to show you power
moves this is a call that cliffhanger
and it's one of my signature moves so
look closely the first beginning key to
a cliff is to lock your ankle bring your
left ankle up like it
whichever anchor you good with it
whichever one is stronger for you you're
getting your left ankle you lift up
right leg goes up lead back finger to
the bank like this you turn in that is a
cliffhanger it's called a cliffhanger
because it's an off-balance move and it
looks like you're falling off a cliff
left foot up right leg up turning a
cliff and requires you to have much
strength in your ankle and much
strengthing and balance tools now I'm
going to show you the whole combo so
look closely and press the home
this is ninja from Ataris Rosa
California
thank you for watching this tutorial of
my turf combo I hope you liked it and I
hope you learned it and I've taught you
a life
stay tuned for more